Welcome back.
Let's add a another layer to our app which is to sort the list of our links from top to bottom and we
can do that fairly easily let's hear instead of returning hacker news that we have here will create
a new function called sort stories
votes and we'll give it the Hacker News list and we'll create this function up here we'll say define
sort stories
by votes
and this will receive the parameter.
Hacker News list and we're going to do just a simple sort algorithm here.
So we're going to use the sort function that we have.
We're going to give it the Hacker News list and let's see what happens.
I'm going to run this
oh and I have to sort it here.
That's the method.
Let's run this again.
We get an error here.
And if we read the error says Piper not supported between instances of dict and dict.
What does that mean.
Well we're trying to sort items in a list but they're all dictionaries.
So python is saying hey what I don't understand.
How do you want me to sort it.
Do you want me to sort of by title by linked by votes.
You've got to tell me.
And this is a common part of pattern with sorted that you'll just have to get used to we're going to
use a lambda function our second parameter is simply going to be the key that we want to sort by and
that key that we want to search by is well votes.
Right.
So all we're going to do is say lambda and say qui
and this key that we're going to search by is going to be votes so that if I save this and run this
again look that I have everything sorted by boat as you can see.
Now if this is overwhelming to you with the Lambda you can go visit the section of the course where
we talk about lambdas here.
But this is just a common pattern that you can remember with sorting whenever you're sorting dictionaries.
We use keys and we can give it this syntax with a lambda and pass it the key that you want to sort by.
In our case it's the votes.
The last thing we want to do is we want to actually have the reverse order.
So the top item in the list should be or the first item in the list should have the highest number of
votes.
So we can simply do that with the third parameter by saying reverse equals true.
Just like that.
Now if I save and run our code we see that we have a list of all the top links with the very highest
one of three hundred and nine votes right here very very cool.
Now the exciting part is that you don't even have to visit Hacker News Web site anymore.
You can be a complete programmer and do cool things like just read the titles here and we can read about
it.
Well Facebook is five billion dollar penalty due to privacy reasons by just selecting this link and
let's say you're using terminal you can just say open selection as your well and look at that.
We can read this story directly like that very very cool.
So now you have a cleaned up more efficient version of Hacker News that you can read every day and all
you need to do is just run this script in the morning and get your reading done.
Now there's many ways that you can expand this project.
You can maybe display this on your own index start a simple file so that you can actually click on these
links.
You can do this with other Web sites.
But my challenge and exercise to you is this how can we expand this list so that it includes more than
just the first page of Hacker News.
That is if we go back to hacker news so far we've only scraped these 30 links.
But what if I click more here and I want to go to the second page and why I want to scrape the first
two pages of Hacker News.
How would I go about doing this and the next video I'm going to give you the solution.
But I challenge you to figure this out on your own and see how you might do it.
If you get stuck.
Well I'll see you in the next video by.